SMTChecker: Fix inconsistency on constant condition check after a loop is unrolled (#14464)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

 * AST: Fix wrong initial ID for Yul nodes in the AST.
 * NatSpec: Fix internal error when requesting userdoc or devdoc for a contract that emits an event defined in a foreign contract or interface.
 * SMTChecker: Fix encoding error that causes loops to unroll after completion.

>  * SMTChecker: Fix inconsistency on constant condition check when while or for loop is unrolled before the condition check.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * SMTChecker: Fix inconsistency on constant condition checks when ``while`` or ``for`` loops are unrolled before the condition check.
```
